README.md, before:

     
# PORTFOLIO CREATED USING REACT   

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
-----   
        
## DESCRIPTION
Portfolio created using React.js, with several static pages.
Pages include Home, Projects, Resume, Contact.

## Deployment

  The portfolio can be found:

## Table of Contents

 
 * [Usage](#usage)
 * [Questions](#questions)
 * [Licence](#licence)


-----

## Usage
  After deployment the portfolio can be used for its intended purpose.




## Deployment
  The portfolio can be found 

            
## Questions
If you have any additional questions not answered here or wish to get in touch regarding developments, you can use the following links:
Github link: [github.com/ZuzanaElt](https://https://github.com/ZuzanaElt)
Contact email: zuzanaeltom@gmail.com 


## License
This application is covered under MIT Licence licence. 
To learn more about licences including this one visit https://choosealicense.com/

## Credits
While building the portfolio I found the following sites useful:
Using emailjs:
https://devjoe.medium.com/contact-form-with-react-using-emailjs-5bdd8bf1524b
with update
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73178648/emailjs-not-getting-resolved-even-after-installing-it

using react icons:
https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search?q=falinkedinin

Creating hamburger Menu - Kevin Huang at:
https://khuang159.medium.com/creating-a-hamburger-menu-in-react-f22e5ae442cb

And as always w3schools.com for any random basic questions.
## Screenshots

Home page

![Home page](src/assets/images/Home%20page.png)

Projects

![Projects page](src/assets/images/projects%20page.png)

Resume page

![Resume](src/assets/images/resume%20page.png)

Contact form page

![contact form page](src/assets/images/contact%20form.png)

Commit message:

update image path, add deployment link, update README

README.md, after:

     
# PORTFOLIO CREATED USING REACT   

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
-----   
        
## DESCRIPTION
Portfolio created using React.js, with several static pages.
Pages include Home, Projects, Resume, Contact.

## Deployment

  The portfolio can be found here:
  https://main--sweet-croissant-323f74.netlify.app/projectsgallery

## Table of Contents

 
 * [Usage](#usage)
 * [Questions](#questions)
 * [Challenges](#challenges)
 * [Licence](#licence)
 * [Credits](#credits)
 * [Screenshots](#screenshots)


-----

## Usage
  After deployment the portfolio can be used for its intended purpose.


  
## Questions
If you have any additional questions not answered here or wish to get in touch regarding developments, you can use the following links:
Github link: [github.com/ZuzanaElt](https://https://github.com/ZuzanaElt)
Contact email: zuzanaeltom@gmail.com 

## Challenges
Main chalenges were to ensure that images are deployed correctly - and ensure the path works.
Different deployment services have different paths for images and ensuring that these work was tricky.
Also undestanding the state in React, as it is a new concept, is still something that more work needs to be done on.

## License
This application is covered under MIT Licence licence. 
To learn more about licences including this one visit https://choosealicense.com/

## Credits
While building the portfolio I found the following sites useful:
Using emailjs:
https://devjoe.medium.com/contact-form-with-react-using-emailjs-5bdd8bf1524b
with update
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73178648/emailjs-not-getting-resolved-even-after-installing-it

using react icons:
https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search?q=falinkedinin

Creating hamburger Menu - Kevin Huang at:
https://khuang159.medium.com/creating-a-hamburger-menu-in-react-f22e5ae442cb

And as always w3schools.com for any random basic questions.
## Screenshots

Home page

![Home page](src/assets/images/Home%20page.png)

Projects

![Projects page](src/assets/images/projects%20page.png)

Resume page

![Resume](src/assets/images/resume%20page.png)

Contact form page

![contact form page](src/assets/images/contact%20form.png)
